The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah.
I think one big point about what you're saying about these influential people
too, is they, they benefit from strife.
They benefit from conflict. And so instead of United is like Martin Luther king,
Jr. You have the opposite.
You have people that literally benefit from people being divided.
They benefit from calling people out or yelling people
down, or, you know, getting, getting conflict going like that.
That gets them more views. I mean, that's, what's going on with Facebook.
That's what the algorithms that people are complaining about,
that that are literally accelerating our path towards some sort of civil war.
Do you see the.
I did see the social dilemma. Scary, scary.
And I tell you what I was watching actually on the plane was this, uh,
do you remember the duke lacrosse players? You remember that story.
Dude.
The duke lacrosse players. So the whole media, uh,
had kind of indicted these guys and they loaded this story with,
you know, class and race. Explain the story. It was a bunch of lacrosse players.
They had a party, right? A bunch of guys had a party at their house. Yeah.
They're uppity white guys. They played lacrosse. So it's like,
nobody comes from the ghetto and plays lacrosse.
So you know that they're arrogant white guys who probably, you know,
their father may have like a third.
They definitely have a portrait in the foyer of like, this is my uncle,
his ties go back to England or whatever. So their dishes, we get it. But, um,
they had a party and somebody, uh,
hired some strippers and the strippers that came were like two, um,
POC S they were POC, POC. And, uh, one of them, a lot of people.
Listening, like.
PLCs or people who, um, historically disenfranchised,
a little darker melanin tones, people of color, people of color,
people of color. Um, and so they came, they stripped the girl,
they only shirt for like five minutes and the girl was saying weird stuff. And,
um, then they got mad. The guys got mad.
Cause they felt like they were getting a con that they didn't get their,
their lap dance worth or whatever their dancing worth.
And then something went awry.
And then the girl called the cops and said I was assaulted.
And then from there it became a big story.
And it ended up that the prosecutor was withheld, withholding,
um, exculpatory evidence that would have exonerated
knowingly. I mean, he ended up getting disbarred and doing time because of this.
And uh, and you look back now and you're going,
like that guy was doing exactly what online personalities do now. It's like,
this is good for me. Right? I'm in the spotlight.
I'm this hero convicting these bags. There's the,
media's attaching this big social justice cause to it,
this there's this evidence that clearly my client is lying.
Let's just put it to the side because all the attention is on me.
And this is self-aggrandizing for me. So I'm benefit forming. I'll just lie.
And just, you know, there's some evidence that comes that, uh, you know,
contradicts what I'm saying. Let's just because right now I'm a star. And uh,
so these kids were maligned by the media, all these journalists,
writing this horrible stuff about these kids,
the culture of the lacrosse players, the privilege, the white privilege,
this that they did this to this poor black person, you know?
And th and then it was loaded because of Dorham because you got duke and duke is
like the Harvard of the south, and then you got poor Dorham and then it was all.
It was all. The DNA exonerated, the three kids that were on trial.
And, um, it ended up just, this girl was like, had some mental health problems.
She ended up like killing her boyfriend or something, and is in prison.
Like a couple of years later, she was like off, you know, and, um, some,
a few journalists apologized. But by that time, it was like, you know,
now you go to comedy clubs, the joke that comics tell the most,
if they see a black five, like waspy looking white guys, they're like, ah,
you guys look like the duke lacrosse player like that.
You use it as a pejorative.
So it doesn't matter if it's true because the media made it true.
A lot of people don't even know that they did nothing because the narrative had
already been written. Right.
That's the problem. That's the problem.
The problem is once the narrative gets out there, any, any,
if there's some sort of a correction in the newspaper, a couple of weeks later,
it's always on like the fourth page in the lower right-hand corner. Sorry.
We have the amendment to the story. Turns out nobody raped anybody. Whoops.
Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. We ruined your life forever.
But we sold a lot of papers with that.
So that, that isn't a real issue. The real, here's a real question.
Should you be able to make money off the.
News? It's a good.
Question. It's a good question. Because if you can make money off the news,
then all of a sudden the news becomes a show and the more outrageous you can get
it, the more click baity you can get it.
The more you can sorta jazz up the headlines and distort the story.
The more you're going to get people to tune in. If it bleeds, it leads.
Oh, I remember when I was working for fusion, which was like a short-lived, uh,
company. And, uh, that was owned by Disney and, um, Univision.
It lasted like a year. It was toted.
Like they tried to build a big studio in Miami and they were trying to target
millennials. But by that time, like everything was on the phone.
People were watching you. And it was like, it was just a waste of money.
But I remember one of their slogans was like, start a fight. And I was like, ah,
yeah. Cause my co two,
my two co-hosts were journalists and it was run by journalists.
And I was like the comedic guy that, you know, they, oh,
they had me in a corner and they opened it up and I came in and I was like, Ooh,
ha to make people laugh. But, but I was working with like a Peabody award,
winning journalist, uh, you know, Maria, Marianna Atencio and Pedro, uh,
drag and drop he's. Uh,
he was from Brazil and they were two serious journalists. And, uh, you know,
the, the, when they, the executive producer said, it sounds like pick a fight,
always look to pick a fight. And I'm like, wow, that sucks. That sucks.
Yeah. That should be happening in MMA with the matchmakers. Not your.
That's hard to hear. Yeah. Pick a.
Fight, pick a fight because it gets ratings. People love the drama.
They love it. I mean, if you turned out a real reality TV show,
it would just be like a couple of guys sitting around, you know,
picking their nose changing channels. But then if you make a reality,
you're like, they tell you that that's not, that's not reality.
They don't mind producers going, okay. Calling me Edward now it's like,
I don't want to call them the N word. Like, nah, trust me. We'll figure out it.
You know? It'll.
And then we'll bleep it out. No one on the flip side.
Yeah.
Then they start with the end and lead with the R you you're like, Hey.
I bet you punk was a really good guy. I bet you, they just edited it.
You remember puck from real-world.
Oh yeah, that's right. Pedro's a mess.
But the problem with those guys is that you make a more of a mass by shining the
camera on them, and then you make them famous.
Didn't he like lose his marbles ever.
He got off that show cause he was like one of the most famous guys from the real
world other than Theo Vaughn. Yeah.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.